In this short report, I will be going over the tools analysed in
Project 1 - none of which I have personally used before - and
expressing my opinion as to how they will affect my development
practice in the future.

Starting off, an IDE. Although I have used an IDE before (which may
seem like I am contradicting myself since I mentioned I have not used
any of the tools), I have never used an IDE for python programming. In
my short experience with python, I have always used a text editor to
write code. That being said, I always wrote relatively simple programs.
A project like 'project-1', which contains multiple different programs
as well as documentation, seems to be much easier to manage with an
IDE. This is probably just because I am a rookie as far as projects
such as this one go, however, at least for the near future, I expect to
be using an IDE for them.

Next up is markdown. As I see it, it is an easy way of adding
documentation to a project that also looks nice and tidy - that is to
say it is not entirely plain text on a screen. It is quite clear to me
that every project I work on from now on will contain at least one or
two of these files for its documentation.

Third comes version control. To my understanding, version control
allows one to 'save' each version of their project/program, therefore
making it easy to go back and forth between versions and to edit any of
them. This shows me that it is a tool that is incredibly useful in any
project/program, really, especially in one that many programmers are
involved (so the majority) and that I will be using it extensively for
a long time to come.

Adding on to the list, we have dependencies and sandboxes. Dependencies
are sets of commands that we add to python to do things we could not
without them. Sandboxes are used so that each project has its own list
of dependencies in order to minimise how many of them one must download
to run a single project. I do not believe it is needed to explain how
this will affect my development practice, since this is in actuality a
quality-of-life and efficiency tool so that the user won't have to
download all dependencies the programmer uses for all their projects,
instead they will download just the ones necessary, saving space. It is
apparent that using sandboxes is better than not.

Finally, manuals. The reason I have never created a manual is due to
the fact that so far I only wrote programs for experimenting and
having fun. Eventually I will have to create a project that will be
used by someone who either does not know how to read code or will not
have access to it. That means that from now on, I will have to be able
to create manuals that describe my code and its functionalities.
